title: 2015 Linux in the Park
template: pages/events.html

<article itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/Event">
	<header class="page-header">
		<h2>
			<span itemprop="name">2015 Linux in the Park</span>
		</h2>
		<p class="lead" itemprop="startDate" contnet="2015-07-25T14:00">
			25th July, 2015 at 2pm
		</p>
	</header>
	<section itemprop="description">
		<p class="lead">
			GTALUG is having the annual Linux in the Park Potluck this year at Dufferin Grove Park on 25th July at 2pm.
		</p>
		<p>Things we will provide: Plates,  Cutlery, Serviettes, Cups, and Garbage bags.</p>
		<p>Things you might want to bring: chairs, tasty beverages (that are non-alcoholic, as the city prohibits alcoholic beverages in the park), food stuffs that you would like to share and enjoy, tarp/blanket, sunscreen, hats, things to help survive the warmth of the Canadian Wilderness.</p>
		<p>We will doing this in a pot-luck style.  Thus, please bring enough food and drink for yourself and your guests, and try to bring enough to share with others in the group.</p>
		<p>We are using a Trello board to organize everything: <a href="https://trello.com/b/JNHsDwys/linux-in-the-park-2015">https://trello.com/b/JNHsDwys/linux-in-the-park-2015</a>.</p>
		<p>Note that if you forget anything you needed, Dufferin Mall is across the street, featuring a supermarket (No-Frills) department store (WalMart), as well as other specialty stores.</p>
	</section>
	<footer>
		<div class="location">
		<h2>Location</h2>
		<div itemprop="location" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/Place">
			<p itemprop="name">
				Dufferin Grove Park
			</p>
			<p itemprop="address" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/PostalAddress">
				<span itemprop="streetAddress">875 Dufferin Street</span>
			</p>
		</div>
		<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2886.613476074039!2d-79.4325187!3d43.65620954999999!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x882b345a4acedfbf%3A0x2b77b6fcb4bcb44!2sDufferin+Grove+Park!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sca!4v1404830890018" width="100%" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0"></iframe>
		<p>By TTC go to the Dufferin Subway station and walk south (about a 10 minute walk for most people) or take the number 29 Dufferin bus southbound. By car, there is some parking on Sylvan or in the Dufferin Mall across the street.</p>
		</div>
		<div class="code-of-conduct">
			<h2>Code of Conduct</h2>
			<p>We want a productive happy community that can welcome new ideas, improve every process every year, and foster collaboration between individuals with differing needs, interests and skills.</p>
			<p>We gain strength from diversity, and actively seek participation from those who enhance it. This code of conduct exists to ensure that diverse groups collaborate to mutual advantage and enjoyment. We will challenge prejudice that could jeopardize the participation of any person in the community.
			<p>The Code of Conduct governs <em>how we behave in public or in private whenever the Linux community will be judged by our actions</em>. We expect it to be honored by everyone who represents the community officially or informally, claims affiliation, or participates directly. It applies to activities online or offline.</p>
			<p>We invite anybody to participate. Our community is open.</p>
			<p>We encourage you <a href="/about/code-of-conduct/" title="Code of Conduct">to read the complete Code of Conduct</a> before attending the meeting.</p>
		</div>
	</footer>
</article>
