title: 2019 Linux in the Park
template: pages/events.html

## Linux in the Park

GTALUG's Annual Potluck BBQ.

Held at Dufferin Grove Park on 20 July at 2pm.

Things we will provide: Bathroom, BBQ, Plates, Cutlery, Serviettes, Cups, and
Garbage bags.

Things you might want to bring: chairs, tasty beverages, food stuffs that you
would like to share and enjoy, tarp/blanket, sunscreen, hats, things to help
survive the warmth of the Canadian Wilderness.

We will doing this in a pot-luck style. Thus, please bring enough food and drink
for yourself and your guests, and try to bring enough to share with others in
the group.

We are using the GTALUG wiki to organize everything:
<https://wiki.gtalug.org/event:linux_in_the_park_2019>.

## Location

Dufferin Grove Park

## Code of Conduct

We want a productive happy community that can welcome new ideas, improve every
process every year, and foster collaboration between individuals with differing
needs, interests and skills.

We gain strength from diversity, and actively seek participation from those who
enhance it. This code of conduct exists to ensure that diverse groups
collaborate to mutual advantage and enjoyment. We will challenge prejudice that
could jeopardize the participation of any person in the community.

The Code of Conduct governs how we behave in public or in private whenever the
Linux community will be judged by our actions. We expect it to be honored by
everyone who represents the community officially or informally, claims
affiliation, or participates directly. It applies to activities online or
offline.

We invite anybody to participate. Our community is open.

Please read more about the GTALUG Code of Conduct here:
[Code of Conduct](http://gtalug.org/about/code-of-conduct/)

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about the GTALUG Code of
Conduct please contact one of the GTALUG Board Members @ <board@gtalug.org>.
