meeting_title: "Nerd Money"
meeting_datetime: 2016-06-14T19:30:00
meeting_location: "George Vari Engineering and Computing Centre, Room 203"
meeting_location_template: _locations/r-gvecc-203.html
meeting_schedule_template: _schedules/2015-10.html

### The outrage, the greed, the cryptography, the possibilities!

* **Crypto Literacy** - a quick kindergarten class of the foundational ideas that enable the current crop of "Applied Cryptography" applications.
* **Innovation of Bitcoin** - After a hundred failed attempts to create digital money the innovations of Hashcash and Bitcoin Mining turn out to be the enablers for a new internet epoch.
* **Blockchains and Society** - Polarizing emotional debates where people arguing contradictory positions all imagine themselves to be defending the little guy.

The dichotomy between open Bitcoin community and advocates of private, permissioned blockchains.

#### Significance of "Permission-less Innovation"

> Every informed person needs to know about Bitcoin because it might be one of the world’s most important developments.
> 
> <small><cite>Leon Louw</cite></small>

> It's gold for nerds.
>
> <small><cite>Stephen Colbert</cite></small>

> I think it's rat poison.
>
> <small><cite>Charlie Munger</cite></small>

> You can't stop things like Bitcoin.
>
> <small><cite>John McAfee</cite></small>

> Bitcoin at its most fundamental level is a breakthrough in computer science - one that builds on 20 years of research into cryptographic currency, and 40 years of research in cryptography, by thousands of researchers around the world.
>
> <small><cite>Marc Andreessen</cite></small>

> Bitcoin is the beginning of something great: a currency without a government, something necessary and imperative.
>
> <small><cite>Nassim Taleb</cite></small>