title: About GTALUG
template: pages/about.html

<p>GTALUG formerly TLUG, has been uniting Toronto area Linux users. For almost 15 years now, GTALUG has provided a common forum to exchange information pertaining to Linux, and in some cases other open source software and operating platforms. Members meet regularly at our F2F (in person) meeting locations, participate in our email discussion list, and use the resource facilities of this website. Through participation in the GTALUG forums, and the use of the GTALUG resources, we combine our efforts to both teach and learn information, allowing us to better control the open source world we are using, building, and in some cases promoting to others.</p>

<p>Most meetings are followed by an informal get together. These usually take place at a restaurant, and provide a free form forum, where you will have a chance to talk with other members on a 1on1 or small group basis. These get togethers are where the real benefit of participating in the group becomes obvious. The chance to directly exchange ideas with other users, to discuss and solve problems, or even get involved in open source philosophy or history discussions. The resources provided by the access to numbers of other Linux users are the most valuable part of participation in a user group. The long term members of the group, many of which have 30 or more years experience using Linux and other Unix-like operating systems (BSD, Solaris etc.), can provide insight and ideas that only a seasoned professional would have.</p>

<p>GTALUG welcomes anyone who has an interest in Linux. GTALUG will be a benefit to any Linux enthusiast from the totally new, to seasoned programmers and system developers, or anyone in between. Have a look at the site and find something that tweaks your curiosity. Then come on out to a meeting and see what we can do for each other.</p>

<p>Have a good day, and happy open-sourcing.</p>